doc: contribute: style: kconfig: Add sample/test/boards naming style (#103750)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/contribute/style/kconfig.rst

  creating new symbols, check if similar ones already exist in other
  architectures.

* **Samples (/samples)**: Use ``SAMPLE_`` for symbols, this is prevent conflicts with external

>   modules.

Author: fixed

> * **Tests (/tests)**: Use ``TEST_`` for symbols, this is prevent conflicts with external modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Tests (/tests)**: Use ``TEST_`` for symbols, this prevents conflicts with external modules.
```

> * **Tests (/tests)**: Use ``TEST_`` for symbols, this is prevent conflicts with external modules.

Author: fixed
